Update LTTB and ASAP pages (#1472)
timescale/docs: api/lttb.md

|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|

> |`timevector`|`Timevector`|A [`timevector`][hyperfunctions-timevectors] object containing the downsampled points. It can be unpacked via `unnest`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`timevector`|`Timevector`|A [`timevector`][hyperfunctions-timevectors] object containing the downsampled points. It can be unpacked with `unnest`.|
```

## Sample usage

> For this example we'll use a table with raw data generated as a sine wave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example uses a table with raw data generated as a sine wave:

```

```sql
SET TIME ZONE 'UTC';
CREATE TABLE metrics(date TIMESTAMPTZ, reading DOUBLE PRECISION);
INSERT INTO metrics
SELECT
    '2020-1-1 UTC'::timestamptz + make_interval(hours=>foo),
    (5 + 5 * sin(foo / 24.0 * PI()))
    FROM generate_series(1,168) foo;
```

> Using LTTB we can dramatically reduce the number of points while still
> capturing the peaks and valleys in the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can using LTTB to dramatically reduce the number of points while still
capturing the peaks and valleys in the data:

```

```sql
SELECT time, value
FROM unnest((
    SELECT lttb(date, reading, 8)
    FROM metrics))
```

> Which gives us:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output looks like this:

```
